# 口语学习资料

## 口语练习资料1

### 名词

1、repetition（次数）

e.g. Repetition is very important.

2、lacrosse（曲棍球）

e.g. I'm gonna be playing college lacrosse next year.

3、baddy （小姐姐）

e.g. I'm gonna go find some baddies.

4、freshman（高一）

e.g. You look like a freshman form high school.

5、mature kid（成熟的孩子）

e.g. So you are like the more mature kid.

6、hoodie（卫衣，连衣帽）

e.g. Do you know what it says on the hoodie?

### 动词

1、makeup（化妆）

e.g. We got asian girls literally put on freckles（雀斑） as makeup.

2、expell （开除）

e.g. He got expelled for fighting and smoking.

3、hang out（出去玩）

e.g. Why would you wanna hang out with a kid who got expelled>

4、embarrass（尴尬）

e.g. I'm not embarrassed of it （我并不感觉丢脸）

5、check it out（检查）

e.g. You can check it out yourself.

6、return something（退货）

e.g. I will not return my shoes.

### 句子

1、How do you deal with that type stuff.

2、You got a rip off（你买到盗版的了）

## 口语练习资料2

### 名词,形容词

1、vibe（感觉）

e.g. New York city is just **a whole different vibe**, I like it here.

e.g. Miami is a vibe（迈尔密感觉很好）

2、genuine（真诚）

e.g. You look like a genuine person.

3、reciprocate（回报）

e.g. They just don't reciprocate back.

4、Consistent（持续不断的）

e.g. I work out but not consistent.

5、setup（设备）

6、Superior（更好的）

e.g. People think the macbook is superior than PC.


### 动词

1、put your cam on（打开你的摄像头）

2、Done up（打扮的漂漂亮亮的）

3、Go out（出去嗨/出去喝酒）

e.g. We didn't really go out。

4、Hung out（出去玩）

5、Fall of（跌下了）

e.g. I'm a fell off rapper.

6、make up for（弥补）

e.g. Like you just got the looks that make up for everything.

7、shoot my shot（放下顾虑去追）

e.g. I gonna shoot my shot.

### 句子

1、What's up with（什么情况）

e.g.  What's up with everyone in LA. living in a big house.

2、I'm not either（我也不是）

3、I'm down（我可以的）

4、I'm get into it（我还在慢慢尝试）

5、What do you look for in a girl.


## 口语练习资料3

### 名词 / 形容词

1、In the flesh （这就是我）

2、on the side（副业）

3、homemade（自制的）

4、Well down（干的好）

### 动词 / 词组

1、Grind（努力奋斗） e.g. I grind

2、make it out the trenches（赚钱搬出穷人区）

3、miss up 

e.g. The camera misses me up. （摄像头把我拍丑了）

4、Go out to play（出去玩）

5、safe for you（对你来说是安全的）

e.g. I must make sure it is safe for you.

6、good at doing something（善于做某事）

e.g. A detective is a very important person who is good at finding things.


### 句子

1、 like to doing something. 

e.g. I like to playing the game.

2、If you want to do something, you must do something.

e.g. If you want to play the computer games, you must finish your homework.

3、Guess what we been doing（猜猜我们刚才做了什么）

4、Have you been to doing something？（你刚刚去干什么了吗）

e.g. Have you been to watching television?

e.g. You've been jumping in the muddy puddles.

5、What's the matter? （怎么啦）

## 口语练习资料4

### 名词 / 形容词

1、Playgroup （幼儿园）

2、a helping hand（帮了一把）

e.g. I just give you a helping hand.

3、soft and fuzzy（模糊）

e.g. If I turn my glasses off, everything looks a bit soft and fuzzy.

### 动词 / 词组

1、disturb （打扰）

e.g. You can watch him as long as you don't disturb her.

2、mend the computer 

e.g. Can you mend the computer ?

3、grumpy（急躁）

e.g. He is grumpy because he can't finishing the work.


### 句子

1、I can't found her anywhere.（我哪里都找不到她）

e.g. I can't found my glasses anywhere.

2、Are you looking forward to do something? （你想不想干 __ 呢？）

3、Without something on ... （没有了 __ , ... ）

e.g. Without his glasses on, he can't read the newspaper.

## 口语学习资料5

学习资料: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cl6TdqnrC6U&t=9s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cl6TdqnrC6U&t=9s)

### Topic about birthday

> Do you usually celebrate your birthday ?

Yes I do, I usually have two birthday party for my birthday. One for my family and one for my friends. I actually **prefer** my birthday party with my friends because they prepare me a lot of presents and they usually do like surprise events. So it really makes my happy.

> What did you do to celebrate your last birthday ?

I wasn't able to celebrate my birthday because of the convid. But my dad bought me a cake. So I had a family birthday party.

> What are the most important birthdays in your country ?

I think the most important birthday in my country is the 18th birthday. Because this means you becoming an adult.

### Topic about going out 

> Where do you like to go out on the weekend ?

I usually hang around with my friends near my house. Because I live in the center park of the Beijing. Many people come to the center park. Yean, I also go there a lot.

> What do you like to do when you go out ?

We don't actually do many things. We just go to a coffee and talk about daily stuff and then we go to restaurans and we just have dinner.

### Topic about friends

> Do you have the wide circle friends or a few circle friends?

I would say before the convid I have a wide range firends but since COVID started I have to cut it down because I can't meet a lot of people, I'm not allowed definitely. Most of the time I can only contact them by Zoom or on social media so that just hugely **narrowed down** my social circle. 

### Topic about evenings

> What do you do in the evenings ?

Usually I will play piano with my roommates and study with her.

Usually I stay in the lab to study or do the project.

### Topic about money

> Are you good at saving money?




















 



